com/ucu/shopping/BuildConfig.java
 com.ucu.shopping.BuildConfig
com/ucu/shopping/SettinsActivity.java
 com.ucu.shopping.SettinsActivity
 com.ucu.shopping.SettinsActivity$1
 com.ucu.shopping.SettinsActivity$2
 com.ucu.shopping.SettinsActivity$3
 com.ucu.shopping.SettinsActivity$4
 com.ucu.shopping.SettinsActivity$5
 com.ucu.shopping.SettinsActivity$6
com/ucu/shopping/AdminCategoryActivity.java
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminCategoryActivity
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminCategoryActivity$1
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminCategoryActivity$10
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminCategoryActivity$11
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminCategoryActivity$12
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminCategoryActivity$13
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminCategoryActivity$14
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminCategoryActivity$2
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminCategoryActivity$3
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminCategoryActivity$4
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminCategoryActivity$5
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminCategoryActivity$6
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminCategoryActivity$7
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminCategoryActivity$8
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminCategoryActivity$9
com/ucu/shopping/Prevalent/Prevalent.java
 com.ucu.shopping.Prevalent.Prevalent
com/ucu/shopping/Prevalent/CartViewHolder.java
 com.ucu.shopping.Prevalent.CartViewHolder
com/ucu/shopping/AdminNewOrdersActivity.java
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminNewOrdersActivity
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminNewOrdersActivity$1
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminNewOrdersActivity$1$1
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminNewOrdersActivity$1$2
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminNewOrdersActivity$1$2$1
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminNewOrdersActivity$AdminOrdersViewHolder
com/ucu/shopping/Model/AdminOrders.java
 com.ucu.shopping.Model.AdminOrders
com/ucu/shopping/SearchProductsActivity.java
 com.ucu.shopping.SearchProductsActivity
 com.ucu.shopping.SearchProductsActivity$1
 com.ucu.shopping.SearchProductsActivity$2
 com.ucu.shopping.SearchProductsActivity$2$1
com/ucu/shopping/Model/Products.java
 com.ucu.shopping.Model.Products
com/ucu/shopping/Model/Users.java
 com.ucu.shopping.Model.Users
com/ucu/shopping/ProductDetailsActivity.java
 com.ucu.shopping.ProductDetailsActivity
 com.ucu.shopping.ProductDetailsActivity$1
 com.ucu.shopping.ProductDetailsActivity$2
 com.ucu.shopping.ProductDetailsActivity$2$1
 com.ucu.shopping.ProductDetailsActivity$3
 com.ucu.shopping.ProductDetailsActivity$4
com/ucu/shopping/Model/Cart.java
 com.ucu.shopping.Model.Cart
com/ucu/shopping/MainActivity.java
 com.ucu.shopping.MainActivity
 com.ucu.shopping.MainActivity$1
 com.ucu.shopping.MainActivity$2
 com.ucu.shopping.MainActivity$3
com/ucu/shopping/CartActivity.java
 com.ucu.shopping.CartActivity
 com.ucu.shopping.CartActivity$1
 com.ucu.shopping.CartActivity$2
 com.ucu.shopping.CartActivity$2$1
 com.ucu.shopping.CartActivity$2$1$1
 com.ucu.shopping.CartActivity$2$1$1$1
 com.ucu.shopping.CartActivity$3
com/ucu/shopping/ConfirmFinalOrderActivity.java
 com.ucu.shopping.ConfirmFinalOrderActivity
 com.ucu.shopping.ConfirmFinalOrderActivity$1
 com.ucu.shopping.ConfirmFinalOrderActivity$2
 com.ucu.shopping.ConfirmFinalOrderActivity$2$1
com/ucu/shopping/RegisterActivity.java
 com.ucu.shopping.RegisterActivity
 com.ucu.shopping.RegisterActivity$1
 com.ucu.shopping.RegisterActivity$2
 com.ucu.shopping.RegisterActivity$2$1
com/ucu/shopping/LoginActivity.java
 com.ucu.shopping.LoginActivity
 com.ucu.shopping.LoginActivity$1
 com.ucu.shopping.LoginActivity$2
 com.ucu.shopping.LoginActivity$3
 com.ucu.shopping.LoginActivity$4
com/ucu/shopping/HomeActivity.java
 com.ucu.shopping.HomeActivity
 com.ucu.shopping.HomeActivity$1
 com.ucu.shopping.HomeActivity$2
 com.ucu.shopping.HomeActivity$2$1
com/ucu/shopping/AdminUserProductsActivity.java
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminUserProductsActivity
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminUserProductsActivity$1
com/ucu/shopping/Interface/ItemClickListner.java
 com.ucu.shopping.Interface.ItemClickListner
com/ucu/shopping/AdminAddNewProductActivity.java
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminAddNewProductActivity
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminAddNewProductActivity$1
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminAddNewProductActivity$2
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminAddNewProductActivity$3
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminAddNewProductActivity$3$1
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminAddNewProductActivity$3$2
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminAddNewProductActivity$4
 com.ucu.shopping.AdminAddNewProductActivity$5
com/ucu/shopping/ViewHolder/ProductViewHolder.java
 com.ucu.shopping.ViewHolder.ProductViewHolder
